README.md, before:

# Frontend Mentor - Typemaster pre-launch landing page

This is a solution to the [Typemaster pre-launch landing page]([<challenge-url>](https://www.frontendmentor.io/challenges/typemaster-prelaunch-landing-page-J6-Yj5J-X)).

## Table of Contents

- [Frontend Mentor - Typemaster pre-launch landing page](#frontend-mentor---typemaster-pre-launch-landing-page)
	- [Table of Contents](#table-of-contents)
	- [Overview](#overview)
		- [Screenshot](#screenshot)
		- [Links](#links)
		- [Built With](#built-with)
		- [Key Features](#key-features)
	- [How to Use](#how-to-use)
	- [Contributing](#contributing)
	- [License](#license)
	- [Author](#author)

## Overview

This project is a solution for the challenge, designed to showcase a specific layout or feature. The page includes various sections demonstrating the design and responsiveness.

### Screenshot

![Screenshot](./src/assets/preview.jpg)

### Links

- [Solution URL](<solution-url>)
- [Live Site URL](<live-site-url>)

### Built With

- Semantic HTML5 markup
- CSS3
  - Flexbox
  - CSS Grid
  - Responsive design
  - Animations (if applicable)
- JavaScript (if applicable)

### Key Features

- Responsive Design: Adjusts seamlessly to different screen sizes (mobile, tablet, desktop).
- Feature Summary: Describe the main feature here.
- Modern UI: Clean and modern user interface.

## How to Use

1. **Clone the repository**:

   First, clone this repository to your local machine. Open your terminal and run the following command:

   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/hichamweblog/FEM-Typemaster-Pre-Launch-Landing-Page.git
   ```

2. **Navigate to the Project Folder**:

   Change your working directory to the newly cloned project folder:

   ```bash
   cd FEM-Typemaster-Pre-Launch-Landing-Page
   ```

3. **Install Dependencies**:

   Install the required packages by running:

   ```bash
   pnpm install
   ```

4. **Run the project**:

   ```bash
   pnpm run dev
   ```

   This command will launch a development server, and you'll be able to view the website locally in your web browser.

## Contributing

If you would like to contribute to this repository, feel free to open issues or submit pull requests. Contributions and improvements are always welcome.

## License

This project is licensed under the [MIT License](./LICENSE).

## Author

- Frontend Mentor - [@hichamweblog](https://www.frontendmentor.io/profile/hichamweblog)
- LinkedIn - [@hichamweblog](https://linkedin.com/in/hichamweblog)
- X - [@hichamweblog](https://x.com/hichamweblog)

Commit message:

docs: update README to provide a clearer overview and highlight key features of the Typemaster landing page

README.md, after:

# Frontend Mentor - Typemaster pre-launch landing page

This is a solution to the [Typemaster pre-launch landing page]([<challenge-url>](https://www.frontendmentor.io/challenges/typemaster-prelaunch-landing-page-J6-Yj5J-X)).

## Table of Contents

- [Frontend Mentor - Typemaster pre-launch landing page](#frontend-mentor---typemaster-pre-launch-landing-page)
	- [Table of Contents](#table-of-contents)
	- [Overview](#overview)
		- [Screenshot](#screenshot)
		- [Links](#links)
		- [Built With](#built-with)
		- [Key Features](#key-features)
	- [How to Use](#how-to-use)
	- [Contributing](#contributing)
	- [License](#license)
	- [Author](#author)

## Overview

This project is a solution for the Typemaster pre-launch landing page challenge. It showcases a modern and responsive layout with various sections, including a hero section, features, and a call-to-action. The design is optimized for different screen sizes, ensuring a seamless user experience across devices.

### Screenshot

![Screenshot](./src/assets/preview.jpg)

### Links

- [Solution URL](<solution-url>)
- [Live Site URL](<live-site-url>)

### Built With

- Semantic HTML5 markup
- CSS3


### Key Features

- **Responsive Design**: Ensures a seamless experience across various devices, including mobile, tablet, and desktop.
- **Hero Section**: Captivating hero section with a clear call-to-action.
- **Feature Highlights**: Showcases the main features of the Typemaster product.
- **Modern Aesthetics**: Clean and modern user interface design.


## How to Use

1. **Clone the repository**:

   First, clone this repository to your local machine. Open your terminal and run the following command:

   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/hichamweblog/FEM-Typemaster-Pre-Launch-Landing-Page.git
   ```

2. **Navigate to the Project Folder**:

   Change your working directory to the newly cloned project folder:

   ```bash
   cd FEM-Typemaster-Pre-Launch-Landing-Page
   ```

3. **Install Dependencies**:

   Install the required packages by running:

   ```bash
   pnpm install
   ```

4. **Run the project**:

   ```bash
   pnpm run dev
   ```

   This command will launch a development server, and you'll be able to view the website locally in your web browser.

## Contributing

If you would like to contribute to this repository, feel free to open issues or submit pull requests. Contributions and improvements are always welcome.

## License

This project is licensed under the [MIT License](./LICENSE).

## Author

- Frontend Mentor - [@hichamweblog](https://www.frontendmentor.io/profile/hichamweblog)
- LinkedIn - [@hichamweblog](https://linkedin.com/in/hichamweblog)
- X - [@hichamweblog](https://x.com/hichamweblog)
